# Mario Kart Wii Players' Page (Web)

This is the frontend portion of the new Players' Page for MKW. The backend is located in the
[mkwpp-api](https://github.com/MKW-Players-Page/mkwpp-api) repository.

## Project setup

To run this project you'll need to have Node installed on your machine. First, you'll need to
install the dependencies. In the root of the repository, run:

```.sh
npm install
```

You'll only need to install everything once. Once that is done, you can run the project by simply
running:

```.sh
npm start
```

You can then open http://localhost:3000/mkw/ to view the website. For the frontend to work properly,
you'll need to have the backend set up and running. If you haven't, refer to the instructions found
[in this repository](https://github.com/MKW-Players-Page/mkwpp-api).

## Contributing

If you want to contribute, please read the following guidelines.

### Pushing commits

Commits should not be pushed directly to the `main` branch. Instead, push to a separate branch and
create a pull request, and wait for a maintainer to review. There is no way to enforce this without
upgrading to a paid account, but do make sure to follow this rule. It would be greatly appreciated.

### Code quality

This repository has an automatic lint step on every commit running ESLint and Prettier. Code must
pass these tests before being approved and pushed to `main`. You must format your changes by running
`npm run format`. You can also run the linter locally with `npm run lint`.

## Project structure

This project uses the React framework and was bootstrapped using the Create React App toolkit. The
React Router DOM library is used to make a Single Page App. Communication with the backend is done
via an API client that is automatically generated using OpenAPI Generator.

Whenever changes to the API are made in the backend, run the following command to update the API
client.

```.sh
npm run generate-api-client
```

Everything within the `src/api/generated/` directory is generated by OpenAPI Generator and should
not be modified manually.
